README.md, before:

# Teacher's Planner Application
Teacher's Planner is an application that helps teachers organize their many daily to-do tasks. Users are able to add tasks to their daily list and view previous and future lists.

## Links
- Application: (coming soon)
- Frontend Repo: https://github.com/huangc909/teachers-planner
- Backend Repo: https://github.com/huangc909/teachers-planner-server

## Planning/Coding Experience
As a former art teacher, I understand the many to-dos that needed to be done during and especially

## User Stories
- As a user, I can sign-up for an account.
- As a user, I can sign-in to my account.
- As a user, I can change my account password.
- As a user, I can sign-out of my account.

- As a user, I can add a school year.
- As a user, I can delete a school year.
- As a user, I can see the months and days of a school year.
- As a user, I can add tasks to a specific day.
- As a user, I can see the details about a task.
- As a user, I can edit a task for a specific day.
- As a user, I can delete a task for a specific day.
- As a user, I can the to-do list for previous and next days.
- As a user, I can checkmark a task when it has been completed.

## Technologies Used
- React
- JavaScript
- React Axios
- JSX
- React Bootstrap
- Figma

## Images
Wireframes - (coming soon)




## Unsolved Problems that will be resolved in Version 2
- Previous and next days can only be viewed for a specific month in Version 1, but in Version 2 user will be able to keep clicking the previous and next day buttons for all months
- Previous weekday shows for a few days in Version 1, but will be present in Version 2

## Upcoming Release Features for Version 2
- Users will be able to add a class to a specific task.
- Users will be able to upload, save, and view student work images to a specific class.
- Users will be able to edit school year information.

Commit message:

Updated README - need to add in deployed link

README.md, after:

# Teacher's Planner Application
Teacher's Planner is an application that helps teachers organize their many daily to-do tasks. Users are able to add tasks to their daily list and view previous and future lists.

## Links
- Application: (coming soon)
- Frontend Repo: https://github.com/huangc909/teachers-planner
- Backend Repo: https://github.com/huangc909/teachers-planner-server

## Planning/Coding Experience
As a former art teacher, I understand the many to-dos teachers need to complete daily, weekly, and monthly in order to ensure an organized and productive school year. Although classroom and special area teachers have slightly different tasks, nevertheless there is always something that needs to be done.
I wanted to create a planner so that teachers can more easily organize their daily to-do tasks. When I was an art teacher, I taught at least 30 classes a week, which consisted of over 600 students. Keeping track of all 600 students' progress, grades, and artworks as well as each class's lesson plans required efficient and strategic organization and planning.
With the Teacher's Planner, teachers can keep a running list of daily tasks as well as store notes and reminders about each task. Although every task may seem important, some needs to be completed right away. Teachers will be able to indicate which task is considered a priority task. Having the due date included will help teachers break down bigger tasks into smaller tasks. Finally, being able to check off a task will provide teachers the much needed satisfaction of completion especially during a busy day.

## User Stories
- As a user, I can sign-up for an account.
- As a user, I can sign-in to my account.
- As a user, I can change my account password.
- As a user, I can sign-out of my account.

- As a user, I can add a school year.
- As a user, I can delete a school year.
- As a user, I can see the months and days of a school year.
- As a user, I can add tasks to a specific day.
- As a user, I can see the details about a task.
- As a user, I can edit a task for a specific day.
- As a user, I can delete a task for a specific day.
- As a user, I can the to-do list for previous and next days.
- As a user, I can checkmark a task when it has been completed.

## Technologies Used
- React
- JavaScript
- React Axios
- JSX
- React Bootstrap
- Figma

## Images
MockUp
![teachers-planner-mockup](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/53062479/119353437-e3415200-bc70-11eb-9c62-bf04cf291c0d.png)

## Unsolved Problems that will be resolved in Version 2
- Previous and next days can only be viewed for a specific month in Version 1, but in Version 2 users will be able to keep clicking the previous and next day buttons for all months
- Previous weekday shows for a few days in Version 1, but will be present in Version 2

## Upcoming Release Features for Version 2
- Users will be able to edit school year and task information.
- Users will be able to add a class to a specific task.
- Users will be able to upload, save, and view student work images to a specific class.
